change build to execution (#5914)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/migrating-from-jenkins.md

It’s often up to an Ops person or team to manage Jenkins servers. These people generally get involved with various CI maintenance tasks like installing dependencies and troubleshooting issues.

> It’s never necessary to access a CircleCI environment to install dependencies because every build starts in a fresh environment where custom dependencies must be installed automatically (ensuring that the entire build process is truly automated). Troubleshooting in the execution environment can be done easily and securely by any developer using CircleCI’s [SSH feature]( {{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/ssh-access-jobs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is never necessary to access a CircleCI environment to install dependencies because every build starts in a fresh environment where custom dependencies must be installed automatically (ensuring that the entire build process is truly automated). Troubleshooting in the execution environment can be done easily and securely by any developer using CircleCI’s [SSH feature]( {{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/ssh-access-jobs/).
```

{:.no_toc}

> If you use a tool like Docker in your workflow, you will likely also want to run it on CI. Jenkins doesn’t provide any built-in support for this, and it is up to you to make sure it is installed and available within your execution environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a tool like Docker in your workflow, you will likely also want to run it on CI. Jenkins does not provide any built-in support for this, and it is up to you to make sure it is installed and available within your execution environment.
```

Reviewer: Should this be "CircleCI" and not "CI"?

Author: This is referring generically to continuous integration IIUC
